# Open Game License

## OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a

The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast, Inc ("Wizards"). All Rights Reserved.

**1. Definitions**: (a)"Contributors" means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have contributed Open Game Content; (b)"Derivative Material" means copyrighted material including derivative works and translations (including into other computer languages), potation, modification, correction, addition, extension, upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgment or other form in which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (c) "Distribute" means to reproduce, license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast, publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d)"Open Game Content" means the game mechanic and includes the methods, procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the Product Identity and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as Open Game Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered by this License, including translations and derivative works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity. (e) "Product Identity" means product and product line names, logos and identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts; creatures characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses, concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual or audio representations; names and descriptions of characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered trademark clearly identified as Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically excludes the Open Game Content; (f) "Trademark" means the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used by a Contributor to identify itself or its products or the associated products contributed to the Open Game License by the Contributor (g) "Use", "Used" or "Using" means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format, modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open Game Content. (h) "You" or "Your" means the licensee in terms of this agreement.

**2. The License**: This License applies to any Open Game Content that contains a notice indicating that the Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this License. You must affix such a notice to any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added to or subtracted from this License except as described by the License itself. No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Open Game Content distributed using this License.

**3. Offer and Acceptance**: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this License.

**4. Grant and Consideration**: In consideration for agreeing to use this License, the Contributors grant You a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this License to Use, the Open Game Content.

**5. Representation of Authority to Contribute**: If You are contributing original material as Open Game Content, You represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.

**6. Notice of License Copyright**: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE portion of this License to include the exact text of the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying, modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright date, and the copyright holder's name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original Open Game Content you Distribute.

**7. Use of Product Identity**: You agree not to Use any Product Identity, including as an indication as to compatibility, except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of each element of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark or Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open Game Content except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or Registered Trademark. The use of any Product Identity in Open Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of that Product Identity. The owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title and interest in and to that Product Identity.

**8. Identification**: If you distribute Open Game Content You must clearly indicate which portions of the work that you are distributing are Open Game Content.

**9. Updating the License**: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of this License. You may use any authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute any Open Game Content originally distributed under any version of this License.

**10. Copy of this License**: You MUST include a copy of this License with every copy of the Open Game Content You Distribute.

**11. Use of Contributor Credits**: You may not market or advertise the Open Game Content using the name of any Contributor unless You have written permission from the Contributor to do so.

**12. Inability to Comply**: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental regulation then You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected.

**13. Termination**: This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with all terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses shall survive the termination of this License.

**14. Reformation**: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.

**15. COPYRIGHT NOTICE**  
**Open Game License v 1.0** Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.  
**System Reference Document**. Copyright 2000. Wizards of the Coast, Inc; Authors: Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, based on material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.  
**The Archives of Nethys**. Copyright 2010, Blake Davis.

### Alien Archive

**Starfinder Alien Archive** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Jon Keith, Steve Kenson, Isabelle Lee, Lyz Liddell, Robert G. McCreary, Mark Moreland, Joe Pasini, F. Wesley Schneider, Owen K.C. Stephens, James L. Sutter, and Josh Vogt.

### Alien Archive 2

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Alien Archive 2** © 2018, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas, Kate Baker, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Brian Duckwitz, Eleanor Ferron, Amanda Hamon Kunz, James Jacobs, Mikko Kallio, Jason Keeley, Lyz Liddell, Ron Lundeen, Robert G. McCreary, Mark Moreland, Matt Morris, Adrian Ng, Joe Pasini, Lacy Pellazar, David N. Ross, Stephen Rowe, Chris Sims, Owen K.C. Stephens, James L. Sutter, and Russ Taylor.

### Alien Archive 3

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Alien Archive 3** © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Saif Ansari, Kate Baker, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Katina Davis, Eleanor Ferron, Crystal Frasier, Leo Glass, Sasha Lindley Hall, Amanda Hamon, Thurston Hillman, James Jacobs, Jenny Jarzabski, Virginia Jordan, Jason Keeley, Natalie Kertzner, Luis Loza, Lyz Liddell, Ron Lundeen, Crystal Malarsky, Robert G. McCreary, Hilary Moon Murphy, Adrian Ng, Joe Pasini, Lacy Pellazar, Samantha Phelan, Jessica Redekop, Simone D. Sallé, Michael Sayre, Owen K.C. Stephens, James L. Sutter, Jason Tondro, Diego Valdez, and Linda Zayas-Palmer.

### Alien Archive 4

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Alien Archive 4** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Kate Baker, Tineke Bolleman, James Case, Jessica Catalan, JN Childs, Ed Chuck, John Compton, John Curtin, Adam Daigle, Katina Davis, Crystal Frasier, Leo Glass, Basheer Ghouse, Amanda Hamon, Sasha Laranoa Harving, Thurston Hillman, Joan Hong, Jenny Jarzabski, Jason Keeley, Mike Kimmel, Avi Kool, Chris Lambertz, Luis Loza, Ron Lundeen, Carmen Marin, Hilary Moon Murphy, Adrian Ng, Emily Parks, Joe Pasini, Lu Pellazar, Samantha Phelan, Jessica Redekop, James Rodehaver, Simone Sallé, Chris S. Sims, Kendra Leigh Speedling, Owen K.C. Stephens, and Viditya Voleti.

### Angels of the Drift #1

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Angels of the Drift #1** © 2023, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas AND James L. Sutter

### Angels of the Drift #2

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Angels of the Drift #2** © 2023, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas and James L. Sutter

### Angels of the Drift #3

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Angels of the Drift #3** © 2023, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas and James L. Sutter

### Angels of the Drift #4

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Angels of the Drift #4** © 2023, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas and James L. Sutter

### Angels of the Drift #5

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Angels of the Drift #5** © 2023, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas and James L. Sutter

### Character Operations Manual

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Character Operations Manual** © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas, Kate Baker, Simone Dietzler, Jennifer Dworschack-Kinter, Leo Glass, Sasha Lindley Hall, Amanda Hamon, Vanessa Hoskins, Jenny Jarzabski, Jason Keeley, Lyz Liddell, Luis Loza, Ron Lundeen, Crystal Malarsky, Robert G. McCreary, Conor J. Owens, Joe Pasini, Owen K.C. Stephens, Jason Tondro, and Landon Winkler.

### Drift Crisis

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Drift Crisis** © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Kate Baker, Rigby Bendele, Jessica Catalan, John Compton, John Curtin, Alison Cybe, Leo Glass, John Godek, Sen H.H.S., Joan Hong, Jenny Jarzabski, Jason Keeley, Joshua Kim, Mike Kimmel, Ron Lundeen, Dennis Muldoon, Emily Parks, Samantha Phelan, Mikhail Rekun, James Rodehaver, Paul Scofield, Shay Snow, Kendra Leigh Speedling, Solomon St. John, Jason Tondro, and Andrew White.

### Drift Crisis Case Files

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure: Drift Crisis Case Files** © 2023, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jenny Jarzabski, Dave Nelson, Emily Parks, and Andrew White.

### Galactic Magic

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Galactic Magic** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Kate Baker, Rigby Bendele, Matthew Carruthers, Jessica Catalan, John Compton, John Godek, Thurston Hillman, Joan Hong, James Jacobs, Jenny Jarzabski, Joshua Kim, Ron Lundeen, Dennis Muldoon, Ianara Natividad, Genevieve Rudat Olejnik, Emily Parks, Pamela Punzalan, Jessica Redekop, Mikhail Rekun, Paul Scofield, Sen.H.H.S., Shay Snow, Kendra Leigh Speedling, Calliope Lee Taylor, Jason Tondro, and Nate Wright.

### Galaxy Exploration Manual

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Galaxy Exploration Manual** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Kate Baker, Jessica Catalan, John Compton, John Curtin, Alexi Greer, Sasha Laranoa Harving, Joan Hong, Jason Keeley, Chris Lambertz, Robert G. McCreary, Andrew Mullen, Adrian Ng, Emily Parks, Joe Pasini, Samantha Phelan, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mikhail Rekun, Jessica Redekop, James Rodehaver, Simone D. Sallé, Shahreena Shahrani, Chris S. Sims, Abigail Slater, Kendra Leigh Speedling, and Jason Tondro.

### Interstellar Species

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Interstellar Species** © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Rigby Bendele, Jessica Catalan, John Compton, John Curtin, Dana Ebert, Eleanor Ferron, Ivis K. Flanagan, Nicole Heits, Joan Hong, Mikko Kallio, Jason Keeley, Aaron Lascano, Hilary Moon Murphy, Emily Parks, Joe Pasini, Erin Roberts, Chris S. Sims, Kendra Leigh Speedling, Owen K.C. Stephens, Jason Tondro, Isis Wozniakowska, and Linda Zayas-Palmer.

### Junker's Delight

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure: Junker’s Delight** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jason Keeley and Misha Bushyager.

### Mechageddon!

**Starfinder Mechageddon! Adventure Path** © 2024, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Rigby Bendele, Joseph Blomquist, and Dennis Muldoon with Kate Baker, Anthony Dollinger, K. Fox, Jenny Jarzabski, Mikko Kallio, Diego Valdez, Christopher Wasko, and Nicholas Wasko.

### Near Space

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney- MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Near Space** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Kate Baker, Tracy Barnett, Tineke Bolleman, Adam Daigle, Eleanor Ferron, Crystal Frasier, Amanda Hamon, Sasha Laranoa Harving, Vanessa Hoskins, Jenny Jarzabski, Jason Keeley, Mike Kimmel, Luis Loza, Ron Lundeen, Robert G. McCreary, Andrew Mullen, Hilary Moon Murphy, Adrian Ng, Joe Pasini, Lu Pellazar, Samantha Phelan, James Rodehaver, Chris S. Sims, Diego Valdez.

### Pact Worlds

**Mongrelman from the Tome of Horrors Complete** © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.  
**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Pact Worlds** © 2018, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, Robert Brookes, Jason Bulmahn, John Compton, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Thurston Hillman, Mikko Kallio, Jason Keeley, Jonathan Keith, Steve Kenson, Lyz Liddell, Ron Lundeen, Robert G. McCreary, David N. Ross, Owen K.C. Stephens, James L. Sutter, and Russ Taylor.

### Ports of Call

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Ports of Call** © 2023, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Kate Baker, Brian Bauman, Jessica Catalan, John Compton, John Curtin, John Feil, Sen H.H.S., Joan Hong, Jenny Jarzabski, Jason Keeley, Dennis Muldoon, Hilary Moon Murphy, Chesley Oxendine, Emily Parks, Joe Pasini, Jessica Redekop, Paul Scofield, Shay Snow, Kendra Leigh Speedling, Alex Speidel, Jason Tondro, Andrew White, Shan Wolf, and Isis Wozniakowska.

### Redshift Rally

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure: Redshift Rally** © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Author: Jessica Catala

### Scoured Stars Adventure Path

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Scoured Stars Adventure Path** © 2023, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Eleanor Ferron, Thurston Hillman, Vanessa Hoskins, Jenny Jarzabski, Mikko Kallio, Cole Kronewitter, Lyz Liddell, Shahreena Shahrani, Christopher Wasko, Nicholas Wasko, and Larry Wilhelm.

### SFS Scenario #1-01: The Commencement

**Starfinder Society Scenario #1–01: The Commencement ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Author: Eleanor Ferron.

### SFS Scenario #1-03: Yesteryear's Truth

**Starfinder Society Scenario #01–03: Yesteryear’s Truth ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Author: Jason Keeley.

### SFS Scenario #1-04: Cries From the Drift

**Starfinder Society Scenario #1–04: Cries from the Drift ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Author: Joe Pasini.

### SFS Scenario #1-08: Sanctuary of Drowned Delight

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Society Scenario #1–08: Sanctuary of Drowned Delight ©** 2018, Paizo Inc.; Author: Kate Baker.

### SFS Scenario #1-09: Live Exploration Extreme!

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Society Scenario #1–09: Live Exploration Extreme! ©** 2018, Paizo Inc.; Author: John Compton.

### SFS Scenario #1-11: In Pursuit of the Scoured Past

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Society Scenario #1–11: In Pursuit of the Scoured Past ©** 2018, Paizo Inc.; Author: Cole Kronewitter.

### SFS Scenario #1-22: The Protectorate Petition

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Society Scenario #1–22: The Protectorate Petition ©** 2018, Paizo Inc.; Author: Mike Kimmel.

### SFS Scenario #1-24: Siege of Enlightenment

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Society Scenario #1–24: Siege of Enlightenment ©** 2018, Paizo Inc.; Author: Tineke Bolleman.

### SFS Scenario #1-27: King Xeros of Star Azlant

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Society Scenario #1–27: King Xeros of Star Azlant** 2018, Paizo Inc.; Author: Christopher Wasko.

### SFS Scenario #1–31: Treading History’s Folly

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** ©2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Society Scenario #1–31: Treading History’s Folly** 2019, Paizo Inc.; Author: Vanessa Hoskins.

### SFS Scenario #2–08: The Stumbling Society, Part 2: Sangoro’s Gifts

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** ©2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Society Scenario #2–08: The Stumbling Society, Part 2: Sangoro’s Gifts** © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Author: Kendra Leigh Speedling

### SFS Scenario #2–13: Storm of the End Times

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** ©2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Society Scenario #2–13: Storm of the End Times** © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Author: Nicholas Wasko.

### SFS Scenario #2–16: A Scoured Home

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** ©2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Society Scenario #2–16: A Scoured Home** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Author: Christopher Wasko.

### SFS Scenario #3–04: The Vast Experiment: Falling into Deliverance

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** ©2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Society Scenario #3–04: The Vast Experiment: Falling Into Deliverance** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Author: John Compton

### Starfinder #1: Incident at Absalom Station

**Starfinder Adventure Path #1: Incident at Absalom Station** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Robert G. McCreary, with Jason Keeley, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter.

### Starfinder #10: The Diaspora Strain

**Gloomwing from the Tome of Horrors Complete ©** 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.  
**Tenebrous Worm from the Tome of Horrors, Revised ©** 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.  
**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #10: The Diaspora Strain ©** 2018, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Chris S. Sims, with Stephen Glicker, Jason Keeley, Epidiah Ravachol, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter.

### Starfinder #11: The Penumbra Protocol

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #11: The Penumbra Protocol ©** 2018, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jenny Jarzabski, with Isabelle Lee, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter.

### Starfinder #12: Heart of Night

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #12: Heart of Night ©** 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Saif Ansari, with Tracy Barnett, Stephen Glicker, Thurston Hillman, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter

### Starfinder #13: Fire Starters

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Genie, Marid from the Tome of Horrors Complete ©** 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #13: Fire Starters ©** 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: James L. Sutter, with Patrick Brennan, Leo Glass, Jason Keeley, Lacy Pellazar, Owen K.C. Stephens, and Jason Tondro.

### Starfinder #14: Soldiers of Brass

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #14: Soldiers of Brass ©** 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Crystal Frasier, with Kate Baker, Christopher Carey, Thurston Hillman, Adrian Ng, and Owen K.C. Stephens.

### Starfinder #15: Sun Divers

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #15: Sun Divers ©** 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Joe Pasini, with Judy Bauer, Lacy Pellazar, Owen K.C. Stephens, and Linda Zayas-Palmer.

### Starfinder #16: The Blind City

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Ooze, Magma from the Tome of Horrors Complete ©** 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #16: The Blind City ©** 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Ron Lundeen, with Leo Glass, David Gregiore, Violet Hargrave, and Lyz Liddell.

### Starfinder #17: Solar Strike

**Starfinder Core Rulebook ©** 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #17: Solar Strike ©** 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Mark Moreland, with Kate Baker, Tracy Barnett, Eleanor Ferron, David P. Gregoire, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter.

### Starfinder #18: Assault on the Crucible

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Genie, Marid from the Tome of Horrors Complete** © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #18: Assault on the Crucible** © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jason Tondro, with Tracy Barnett, Violet Hargrave, Thurston Hillman, and Owen K.C. Stephens.

### Starfinder #19: Fate of the Fifth

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #19: Fate of the Fifth** © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Patrick Brennan, with James Case, Adrian Ng, and Lacy Pellazar.

### Starfinder #2: Temple of the Twelve

**Starfinder Adventure Path #2: Temple of the Twelve** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: John Compton, with Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter.

### Starfinder #20: The Last Refuge

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #20: The Last Refuge** © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Mara Lynn Butler, with Tracy Barnett, Anthony Bono, Lacy Pellazar, and Owen K.C. Stephens.

### Starfinder #21: Huskworld

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Adventure Path #21: Huskworld** © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Lyz Liddell, with Kevin Bryan, Robert G. McCreary, Isabelle Thorne, and Landon Winkler.

### Starfinder #22: The Forever Reliquary

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Adventure Path #22: The Forever Reliquary** © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Kate Baker, with Anthony Bono, Kevin Bryan, Eleanor Ferron, and Nate Wright.

### Starfinder #23: Hive of Minds

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Adventure Path #23: Hive of Minds** © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Thurston Hillman, with Kate Baker, Emily Care Boss, Hilary Moon Murphy, Louis Rezanka, and Gabriel Waluconis.

### Starfinder #24: The God-Host Ascends

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #24: The God-Host Ascends** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Ron Lundeen, with Tracy Barnett, Anthony Bono, Violet Hargrave, James Allen Pearce, and Nate Wright.

### Starfinder #25: The Chimera Mystery

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Adventure Path #25: The Chimera Mystery** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jason Keeley, with Crystal Frasier, Stephen Glicker, Luis Loza, Erik Mona, Isabelle Thorne, and Gabriel Waluconis.

### Starfinder #26: Flight of the Sleepers

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #26: Flight of the Sleepers** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Owen K.C. Stephens, with Leo Glass, Vanessa Hoskins, and Jenny Jarzabski.

### Starfinder #27: Deceivers’ Moon

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #27: Deceivers’ Moon** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jason Tondro, with Robert Goode, Kim Frandsen, Jessica Ross, and Diego Valdez.

### Starfinder #28: The Hollow Cabal

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #28: The Hollow Cabal** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Crystal Frasier, with Alexander Augunas, James Case, Katina Davis, Georg Mir, Emily Parks, and Jessica Ross.

### Starfinder #29: The Cradle Infestation

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #29: The Cradle Infestation** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Vanessa Hoskins, with Alexander Augunas, Anthony Bono, James Case, Lyz Liddell, David N. Ross, and Jessica Ross.

### Starfinder #3: Splintered Worlds

**Starfinder Adventure Path #3: Splintered Worlds** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Amanda Hamon Kunz, with Thurston Hillman, Jason Keeley, and Owen K.C. Stephens.

### Starfinder #30: Puppets Without Strings

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #30: Puppets Without Strings** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Landon Winkler, with Alexander Augunas, Anthony Bono, John Curtin, Hilary Moon Murphy, Kendra Leigh Speedling, and Jessica Ross.

### Starfinder #31: Waking the Worldseed

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #31: Waking the Worldseed** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jenny Jarzabski, with Ryan Gilmore, Joshua Hennington, Crystal Malarsky, Robert G. McCreary, and Mikhail Rekun.

### Starfinder #32: The Starstone Blockade

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

**Starfinder Adventure Path #32: The Starstone Blockade** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Eleanor Ferron, with Mara Lynn Butler, Ryan Gilmore, Jim Groves, Robert G. McCreary, and Dennis Muldoon.

### Starfinder #33: Dominion’s End

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #33: Dominion’s End** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Ron Lundeen, with Ryan Gilmore, Sasha Laranoa Harving, Robert G. McCreary, Patchen Mortimer, and Larry Wilhelm.

### Starfinder #34: We’re No Heroes

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #34: We’re No Heroes** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: BJ Hensley, with Kim Frandsen, Chris S. Sims, and Jason Tondro.

### Starfinder #35: Merchants of the Void

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #35: Merchants of the Void** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Leo Glass, with Lyz Liddell, Ron Lundeen, Owen K.C. Stephens, and Isabelle Thorne.

### Starfinder #36: Professional Courtesy

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #36: Professional Courtesy** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Joe Pasini, with Patrick Hurley, Avi Kool, Andrew Mullen, and Jessica Ross.

### Starfinder #37: The White Glove Affair

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #37: The White Glove Affair** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Kendra Leigh Speedling, with Violet Hargrave, Joshua Hennington, Randal Meyer, and Lu Pellazar.

### Starfinder #38: Crash and Burn

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #38: Crash and Burn** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Christopher Wasko, with Kim Frandsen, Violet Hargrave, Dave Nelson, and Anne Toole.

### Starfinder #39: The Gilded Cage

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #39: The Gilded Cage** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jessica Catalan, with Tineke Bolleman, Emily Parks, and Gabriel Waluconis.

### Starfinder #4: The Ruined Clouds

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #4: The Ruined Clouds** © 2018, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jason Keeley, with Joe Pasini and Owen K.C. Stephens.

### Starfinder #40: Planetfall

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #40: Planetfall** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Ron Lundeen, with Jason Keeley, Jess Nevins, Jim Seals, and Isabelle Thorne.

### Starfinder #41: Serpents in the Cradle

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #41: Serpents in the Cradle** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Hilary Moon Murphy, with John Compton, Jenny Jarzabski, Andrew Mullen, Jess Nevins, Mikhail Rekun, Jim Seals, and Kendra Leigh Speedling.

### Starfinder #42: Whispers of the Eclipse

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #42: Whispers of the Eclipse** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Kate Baker, with Jessica Catalan, Jenny Jarzabski, Dennis Muldoon, Andrew Mullen, Jess Nevins, Jim Seals, and Jason Tondro.

### Starfinder #43: Icebound

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #43: Icebound** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jason Tondro, with BJ Hensley, Jenny Jarzabski, Ron Lundeen, Jess Nevins, Jim Seals, and Christoper Wasko.

### Starfinder #44: Allies Against the Eye

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #44: Allies Against the Eye** © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jabari Weathers, with Alexander Augunas, Jeremy Corff, Kim Frandsen, John Godek III, Logan Harper, Jenny Jarzabski, Andrew Mullen, Jess Nevins, and Jim Seals.

### Starfinder #45: The Culling Shadow

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #45: The Culling Shadow** © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Landon Winkler, with Iris Flanagan, Jenny Jarzabski, George Mir, Andrew Mullen, Hilary Moon Murphy, Dave Nelson, Jess Nevins, Thea Seals, and Isis Wozniakowska.

### Starfinder #46: The Perfect Storm

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #46: The Perfect Storm** © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jessica Redekop, with Joseph Blomquist, Sasha Laranoa Harving, Joshua Hennington, Quinn Murphy, and Isabelle Thorne.

### Starfinder #47: Nightmare Scenario

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #47: Nightmare Scenario** © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jenny Jarzabski, with Joseph Blomquist, Sasha Laranoa Harving, Quinn Murphy, and Isabelle Thorne.

### Starfinder #48: Masters of Time and Space

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #48: Masters of Time and Space** © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Ron Lundeen, with Tineke Bolleman, Jessica Catalan, John Curtin, Sasha Laranoa Harving, Joshua Hennington, Jason Keeley, Quinn Murphy, Shay Snow, Sara Thompson, and Isabelle Thorne.

### Starfinder #49: A Light in the Dark

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #49: A Light in the Dark** © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Jessica Catalan, with Joseph Blomquist, Alison Cybe, Andrew Geels, and Shan Wolf.

### Starfinder #5: The Thirteenth Gate

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #5: The Thirteenth Gate** © 2018, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Stephen Radney-MacFarland, with Mikko Kallio, Jason Keeley, Lyz Liddell, Ron Lundeen, Mark Moreland, and Owen K.C. Stephens.

### Starfinder #50: Clockwork Demons

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #50: Clockwork Demons** © 2023, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Quinn Murphy, with Alison Cybe, Anthony Dolinger, Ivis K Flanagan, Andrew D Geels, and Jason Keeley.

### Starfinder #51: Into the Dataverse

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #51: Into the Dataverse** © 2023, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas, with Joseph Blomquist, Michael Bramnik, Alison Cybe, Ivis K. Flanagan, and Andrew D. Geels.

### Starfinder #6: Empire of Bones

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #6: Empire of Bones** © 2018, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Owen K.C. Stephens, with John Compton, Jason Keeley, and Larry Wilhelm.

### Starfinder #7: The Reach of Empire

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #7: The Reach of Empire** © 2018, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Ron Lundeen, with Patrick Brennan, Lyz Liddell, Joe Pasini, and Owen K.C. Stephens.

### Starfinder #8: Escape from the Prison Moon

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #8: Escape from the Prison Moon** © 2018, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Eleanor Ferron, with Saif Ansari, Jason Keeley, Lyz Liddell, Robert G. McCreary, Joe Pasini, David N. Ross, and Owen K.C. Stephens.

### Starfinder #9: The Rune Drive Gambit

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure Path #9: The Rune Drive Gambit** © 2018, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Larry Wilhelm, with Tracy Barnett, Ian Eller, Lyz Liddell, David N. Ross, and Owen K.C. Stephens.

### Starfinder Alien Character Deck

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Alien Character Deck** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Author: Robert G. McCreary.

### Starfinder Armory

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Armory** © 2018, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas, Kate Baker, John Compton, Eleanor Ferron, Thurston Hillman, Mikko Kallio, Lyz Liddell, Ron Lundeen, Matt Morris, David N. Ross, and Russ Taylor.

### Starfinder Core Rulebook

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.

### Starfinder Dead Suns Adventure Path

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Dead Suns Adventure Path** © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Authors: John Compton, Amanda Hamon, Thurston Hillman, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, and Owen K.C. Stephens

### Starfinder Enhanced

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Enhanced** © 2023, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Kate Baker, Michael Bramnik, Jessica Catalan, John Compton, John Curtin, Anthony Dollinger, Ivis K. Flanagan, Kim Frandsen, John Godek III, Joan Hong, Jason Keeley, Sasha Laranoa Harving, Quinn Murphy, Emily Parks, Joe Pasini, James Rodehaver.

### Starfinder Society Roleplaying Guild Guide, Version 2.0

**Starfinder Society Roleplaying Guild Guide, Version 2.0** © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Mike Brock, John Compton, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, and Tonya Woldridge.

### Starship Operations Manual

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Starship Operations Manual** © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas, Kate Baker, Alexandria Bustion, Jessica Catalan, JN Childs, John Compton, Kyle Thomas Elzy, John Godek III, Alexi Greer, M. W. Hawkins, Vanessa Hoskins, Robert G. McCreary, Hilary Moon Murphy, Joe Pasini, Samantha Phelan, Lu Pellazar, Shahreena Shahrani, Abigail Slater, Kendra Leigh Speedling, Jason Tondro, and Diego Valdez.

### Tech Revolution

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Tech Revolution** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Kate Baker, Jessica Catalan, John Compton, Basheer Ghouse, Alexi Greer, Amanda Hamon, Gabriel Hicks, Joan Hong, Vanessa Hoskins, Jenny Jarzabski, Lyz Liddell, Ron Lundeen, Ianara Natividad, kieran t. newton, Emily Parks, Pam Punzalan, Mikhail Rekun, Simone D. Sallé, Paul Scofield, Shay Snow, Michael Sayre, Alex Speidel, Calliope Lee Taylor, Jason Tondro, Diego Valdez, Viditya Voleti, and Andrew White.

### THE GAP

### The Liberation of Locus-1

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure: The Liberation of Locus-1** © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Author: Chris S. Sims.

### To Defy the Dragon

**Starfinder Core Rulebook** © 2017, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Amanda Hamon Kunz, Jason Keeley, Robert G. McCreary, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, and James L. Sutter, with Alexander Augunas, Judy Bauer, John Compton, Adam Daigle, Crystal Frasier, Lissa Guillet, Thurston Hillman, Erik Mona, Mark Moreland, Jessica Price, F. Wesley Schneider, Amber E. Scott, and Josh Vogt.  
**Starfinder Adventure: To Defy the Dragon** © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Author: Kendra Leigh Speedling

|---|
